so because I'm more or less than idiot
I thought these bolts had to come off
and I knocked one of them off so now
I've got to weld this guy back on you
see I've knocked off all the galvanizing
material because you don't want to weld
that because it's pink and it will make
you sick so you have to knock that off
before you weld it with a grinder it's
just going to be a spot weld not a big
deal I'm going to preheat it with
propane before I start just to make it
go easier because my my little welder is
pretty wimpy
so it's what is it October 17th and I
got my hub or at least one of my hubs
made drill four holes took forever each
hole took about an hour because my it's
stealing a card I guess and my drill
press probably isn't the best but got it
done and here was that my for Grade
eight steel bolts and here we have my
hub with the holes drilled and the way I
got these to line up is I stuck this on
here made a mark and corresponding mark
I'm going to use the punch which just
fits to mark inside so that I could
drill those out I just got a little
holes on the side and then I flipped it
over and drill from this side and one
thing you can you find out when you do
this aluminum is much much much softer
than steel the aluminum just drills so
easy and too easy really
and also you realize that this material
this wheel is made from really thin so
if you had any thoughts about
countersinking these holes so that the
bolts will are the nuts will be flush
you can forget it so instead what I'm
going to do is I'm going to get a piece
of pipe and sort of cut a little wedge
shaped piece to act as a kind of washer
there I guess
so anyway let's see how it goes together
so there it is more or less together so
that's more is that